# sportsrental.com

Sportsrentals.com is a C2C website where a customer can rent out any sports product and ground at a price they seek. Customers can post an ad on our website for their product, and a customer (renter) looking to rent a product browses through all the ads in their city and selects the one they like. The products are rented out to the customer for the chosen date range depending upon the availability of the product. A product cannot be rented for less than 24 hours. The renter must deposit a certain amount on our website before they rent out a product. They can withdraw this money anytime they want but will have to deposit it again if they rent another product. The payment between customers also happens through the website. The website takes a percentage from the rental amount and the rest is transferred to the rentee after the product has been picked up by them. The website will not offer any delivery options for these products anywhere. Our website will help them in searching for playing grounds or stadiums to conduct such activities. Sportsrentals.com will let any customer (rentee) post an ad to rent out any grounds or stadiums they own to such employees or professional sports teams looking for arenas for practice. our website will let organizers post about sports-related events across the city and sell tickets for them. A customer can view all the events posted across their city and purchase tickets for them. The ticket can be cancelled before a fixed time prior to the start of the event.  
